hey guys I am here with immortal 16 you
guys had an o2 week it was a rough start
I know super sad that was this just a
bad weekend for you guys or did
something happen um I think it's just a
lot of like specially TSM Bay showed
that our weaknesses
I'm in-game and you have been been
improving that much it's like I really
want to go everything was going pretty
well and then we were just focusing on
your strengths not really I'm just
holding your weaknesses or try to help
on it but we're just being the focusing
on good positive and this week like a
lot of teams are the teachings showed
that they can also like just questios
scores over now does losing like the
security of the top spot does that
affect you or the team or is that
something where that's just like a
standing we're going to make up for it
in the next few weeks um well that's not
only my main goals into the beginning of
summer MLB and main goal was always just
to go to roads even though something
aunt lit I don't think you can get
points at all
so together first place or gauntlet and
that's the only thing they're focusing
on and yeah like getting in the
standings can give us a higher chance
but we're mainly focusing on improving
now I want to ask you about your games
against p1 there were you guys were
almost there both ways went all the way
to Game three but right now everyone is
crazy about Mike Young facilities only
had two weeks of competitive time in the
LCS where you have had what five years
now five years now so what do you think
about Mike Young coming into the scene
um I think he's a really good jungler um
Talia wise he's up there like on like
LCS teams like usually if people get
behind the league like just like
cuddling a ball just just let the other
team like run over and the team is like
pretty neo so so like they're also still
in the honeymoon phase like like we've
been we've been not in phase and it like
everyone's trying to realize that you
have to be you work as like twice as
hard to be to stay at the top and yeah
like for p1 they brought in Alex our
special to you
and he's also veteran so he probably
helps a lot for might yeah and I can see
them going up for now sudhi you and
other players like really think when you
see players jumping around for all these
big roster swaps like do you guys ever
think oh they're going over there or um
I was actually talking to Alex yesterday
and answered like can you do what you
guys want to go out next week and it's
like I have referrals I'm like oh you're
p1 now I'm like oh okay um most of us
just forget people always focus on their
own team so yeah like if you're playing
against them and yeah I should probably
should have probably not it was a few
one but oh yeah
so speaking of rift rivals a lot of
people wanted to see you guys go over to
you are you kind of bummed about that
situation are you going to take a week
for vacation I'm not really bummed about
it because like we didn't really deserve
it because it was for last year um yeah
we're mainly focusing on trying to work
through our weaknesses and we don't
really have much of a break and like
suffered maybe tomorrow and like the
weekend there's like one day we can and
yeah hopefully we're going to come back
stronger sit next next week to turnout
yeah well are you doing anything special
for fourth of July anime Expos in town
yeah we're going tomorrow actually as a
team in one day I don't know we're going
to do is probably just hanging around
down they'll go with my team cuz I don't
really know any new anime or last season
cuz why can't I turn actually I might
buy one something that'll be good they
have a lot of I got a sneak peak of it
they have the huge attack on Titan head
it's crazy every once in cosplay like
like each you had like this big oh well
don't get too close to it then because
it'll eat you then is there anything
that you'd like to say to your immortal
fans out there um well we're sort of for
down earth was gnarly down sorrow but
she's like this week because he's like
pretty pretty hard for us and especially
defense and hopefully you guys those
Portis and yeah
I know you and immortals it's just like
a tiny little bump in the road before
you guys take off again
well excellently thank you so much for
this interview and for everyone else you
can check out more of our interviews and
content right here
hey everyone I just want to say thank
you so much for all the overwhelming
support that I've received from you guys
whether it's through donations or my
Amazon wishlist Neal and Miguel shout
out to you guys you guys are the best if
you guys would like to continue
supporting me you could check me out at
oddly calm slash support thanks guys
Naruto instead